create PR Template subdirectory & general template (#124)
cncf/cnf-wg: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md

<!--- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description
<!--- Describe your changes in detail -->

## Motivation and Context
<!--- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->
<!--- If it fixes an open issue, please link to the issue here. -->

## How Has This Been Tested?
<!--- Select all that apply from the options below. -->
- [ ] Covered by existing integration testing
- [ ] Added integration testing to cover
- [ ] Tested locally
- [ ] Have not tested

> <!--- Add additional comments about testing if needed. -->

Reviewer: I don't know if we need this section because we aren't actually really working with code and would need tests

> ## Types of changes
> <!--- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply: -->
> - [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
> - [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
> - [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Types of changes
<!--- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply: -->
- [ ] Use Case
- [ ] Best Practice
- [ ] Documentation Update
- [ ] Documentation Fix
```

## Checklist:
<!--- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply. -->
<!--- If you're unsure about any of these, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->
- [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation.

> - [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly.

Reviewer: same comment as above since most of our changes are doumentation not code
